Adding missng page for compressing continuous aggregates (#864)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/continuous-aggregates/compression-on-continuous-aggregates.md

You can get these cost savings by enabling compression on continuous 
aggregates.

<highlight type="warning">
Currently, TimescaleDB does not support refreshing compressed regions of a 
continuous aggregate. To do this, you have to manually decompress 
the compressed chunk and then execute a [`refresh_continuous_aggregate`](/api/latest/continuous-aggregates/refresh_continuous_aggregate) call.
</highlight>

## Enable compression on continuous aggregates

> You can enable and disable compression on continuous aggregated by setting

Author: ```suggestion
You can enable and disable compression on continuous aggregated by setting the
```

    ```sql
    ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW cagg_name set (timescaledb.compress = false);
    ```

</procedure>

> Disabling compression on a continuous aggregate will fail if there are 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disabling compression on a continuous aggregate fails if there are 
```
